put away from yourselves every kind of malicious bitterness, anger,
wrath, screaming, and abuse of speech, as well as everything injurious.
Did anyone start the day thinking,
I believe I'll show malicious bitterness to my brother today?
Of course not, and yet the potential is there, isn't it?
But genuine affection, fight, peace records.
And affection grows when we really know our brothers and sisters well.
We remember their joys and pain, their selfless zeal,
how they came to love Jehovah and what they endure.
I'll get back soon so I can.
I love you. Bye.
Oh no.
Oh my God.
I'm not taking good care of you.
Hey, you love?
Too sorry, got a run.
Okay, I'll ring you about this week.
Thanks, love you both.
See you.
Yeah, too.
Better.
No, no.
Hello, hey, you darling.
I'm so, so sorry.
Oh yeah.
It's not too bad.
I got this.
Oh, how are you, though?
Thank you.
I'm so, so sorry.
Poor thing.
Let me clear this up.
Hello, everyone.
Haley from Genoa Design here.
Helping you to be effortlessly elegant.
Can you believe how?
Haley's business feed.
When you look this good.
Bad news.
She's a sweetie.
Reminds me, I want to speak to her about a necklace.
You too.
You don't think she's showing off?
No.
Everyone thinks she's miswonderful.
She's starting to agree.
Is this just about Haley?
Seems it's all about Haley.
Your tea's getting cold.
And you're changing the subject.
No, but you've brought this up before.
What is it?
Your friends.
You pioneer together.
Yeah, and that's why I'm concerned.
Concern is good.
But...
Is there just a little bit of envy in there?
Concerned.
Concern is good.
But...
Is there just a little bit of envy in there?
I thought you would understand.
I think I understand your feelings.
Not about Haley.
I haven't seen all her posts.
There's nothing immoral is there.
No.
Good.
That's not like her.
Now, if it's the case of her being more careful,
how she comes across, that's another matter.
Why didn't you talk to her?
Emily, you are a beautiful, spiritual sister.
You know, for years,
I had a bad habit comparing myself to others.
My own insecurity hurt me and my closest friends.
So, you don't think I should have spoken to Celia?
I'm glad you've asked Celia about it.
Tell me when you trust.
What did she say?
She definitely understands how I feel.
Good.
How about Haley's posts?
She hasn't seen everything she has out there.
She did say that Haley needs to be more careful
how she comes across.
What did she suggest?
I should tell her that she needs to stop,
but I'm too worked up.
Look, if Celia agrees that Haley's doing something she shouldn't,
you should talk to her.
You'll find the right time.
Thanks for understanding.
Can you say the prayer?
Sure.
Jehovah, we would like to praise you for your generosity and kindness.
Especially as a pioneer.
What kind of example is she setting?
Has Emily stopped following her?
No, not yet, but she probably will.
Alistair, what do you think?
About what?
Haley's posts on a quick post.
Is there a problem?
Emily's told me.
They're all just look at me.
My clothes, my hair, my makeup,
and even Celia agrees with her.
Well, it's very easy to take things out of context on social media.
I know that I've done that
and realized later that I was wrong.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Listen, I don't want to pull you away,
but if you have a minute,
would you mind giving me a hand with these boxes?
Sure.
Thanks for your help.
No problem.
Jake, back in the hall,
I know you were just expressing concern,
but here's something to consider.
This principle is one of my favourites.
It's found in Proverbs chapter 18 and verse 17.
The first to state his case seems right
until the other party comes and cross-examines it,
and try to understand.
It just means that sometimes we only hear one side of a story.
And until we personally hear both,
it's best not to draw any conclusions.
And even then,
if it's something negative,
we wouldn't want to spread it.
Any more than we want something spread about ourselves.
I'm going to consider that.
Thanks.
I'm going to apologise to Harry and Marie
and have Emily talk directly to Haley.
Good idea.
Yes, Nana?
Don't forget eggs to you.
No, no, I didn't forget.
Are you sure?
No, I won't forget.
Okay.
Okay, love you.
Yeah, I've caught you.
Do you have a minute?
Hi, Emily.
Can we talk later?
I'm really struggling this morning.
Do you know?
It's just...
You've been so busy and I've been waiting for the right moment.
I really just like to address it.
Okay, what's up?
It's just that I've noticed you were post-lately on quick posts.
What about them?
Well, do you really think there's something
that a pioneer should be posting?
Wait, what are you talking about?
Some people might think you're bragging.
Some people.
What people?
It's a business account.
I've got to show off my product.
I know, I get that.
It's just...
I don't know.
It could feel like you're drawing a little too much attention to yourself.
Who would think like that?
You.
No.
Not just me.
It's Celia felt the same.
You spoke to Celia about this.
I didn't want to upset you.
Jake said that I needed to say such everyone.
I think it's my poster in a proof.
Not everyone, Haley.
That's not what I'm saying at all.
You are such...
I'm just trying to help you if you were just listen to me.
You're just...
Oh, yeah, listen to me.
And I expected more from you.
Haley, what are you talking about?
Gossiping.
About my posts.
You're that lonely that you've got nothing better to do.
Haley?